you
hey want to buy cheap games for a low
price or maybe even xbox like if you
have xbox maybe the xbox live gold for
like five bucks 12-month xbox live goes
for five bucks that's a steal um anyway
this is your buttock vortex 11 here and
I'm just telling you I'm sponsored by a
fourth company a link will be down in
the description where you can buy some
of this stuff so yeah if you want to go
to description it's really it's actually
a really cool place actually to really
be honest you can get a lot of really
cool stuff like uh like you just get
cheap games you know a few black don't
have 60 bucks no one I freaking waste 60
bucks on the game go on this web sites
in the descriptions my fourth is gonna
be labeled under all my other sponsors
cuz this is my fourth sponsorship so
yeah guys go to uh you know go to the
link i guess so i'll talk to you guys
some other time if you guys want cheap
games playstation whatever xbox you know
cheap xbox live or online I don't know
what it's called for PlayStation online
capabilities I'm gonna say you know just
to help you stay on stay on line longer
to play your friends go on that web
site's down in the description is gonna
be labeled under sponsor for CI guys
link in description I hope you guys
enjoy this video and I'm out so use that
link you guys can buy self and I'm doing
you guys a favor have you guys buy some
really nice quality games and stuff like
that you could get titanfall for like 30
bucks and it's not no broken game either
where you guys I'll talk to you guys
next time peace out
you